Simply put,
these pills
Although they can quickly cause death
and accumulate toxins
But if you stop taking them for a long time
your body will gradually recover
So, I'll prescribe you some medication
to help you eliminate these toxins as soon as possible
That's good,
I was just worried that these toxins
would always remain in my body
Thank you, doctor
Number 465
Jiang Yu Yong?
Why is she at the hospital?
Is that Jiang Yu Yong?
Lately, your condition hasn't been great
You should get more rest in the future
Thank you
Nurse
Can you tell me what's wrong with Jiang Yu Yong?
I'm really sorry
This is patient information
I can't tell you
Nurse,
Yu Yong, she's my sister
She's been introverted since childhood
She never tells the family anything
We're really worried about her
Worried something might happen to her
Please,
nurse, please tell us
Your sister, she's pregnant
Pregnant